so hello everyone we are in the car
subaru outback
and we will connect the auto scanner
multibrand name is his legs sitting
He tells them to d802 sous bathhouse
so autoscanner was just minutes
twenty back
updated and part of the menu Russified
some brands of cars for
Some will be interesting and useful.
video and so the car turned off now
connection
I saw
connector earned
caught
rumors that we do turn on the ignition
but do not start choose
we remove asia we play subaru
data is being processed so choose
autoscan
scan all systems
so I see that did not shine
write no errors in russified but not
everything
move me the transmission no errors
no brake airbag
and so we go camping and that we have
the body system
the engine of your transmission horse
no errors
brake control no I do not know what unity
steam too errors am no errors not
error is highlighted in red and their
quantity so but in principle you need
press the save button
all information will be saved ready
must keep up
so I press the left button to exit
previous menu here we have up
control unit that is it
separate
those
in which I will be honey you
substantially purple slightly colored so
but in principle it is easy to record it
automotive records saved up
what and what rim errors and system to
for example
off codes found unknown
monitor monitor or good condition
5 min cur
Enhance it it it it since it's not
So you need to push machines to Blog
but 7 block and 9 read codes saved
Codes do not expect no waiting
repeating which is often repeated
restoration to service control you with
oxygen that is onboard monitor it
and so I suspect
girl dashboard
uranium mode maintained okay so
we go out principle basically so we go out
from the menu for the multibrand scanner and all
very nice job in the settings that
there are languages along inversion Russian and
polish portuguese italian
Swedish
British Metric
beep on and off
keyboard check will not check
display and software details
ensuring and actually Omsk itself is not
so on this for now everyone thanks for writing
comments